ckecli: add etcd local-backup subcommand (#375)
cybozu-go/cke: docs/etcd.md

Backup
------

There are two ways to take backups of CKE-managed etcd.

1. Use `ckecli etcd local-backup` to take and save a snapshot of etcd locally.

> 2. Use `ckecli etcd backup` to configure CronJob to save snapshots in S3-compatible storage periodically.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Configure CronJob to save snapshots in a filesystem given through a PVC.
```
